fix(docs): Update usage without React on recipes.mdx (#2047)
pmndrs/zustand: docs/recipes/recipes.mdx

const { getState, setState, subscribe, destroy } = store
```

> You can use a vanilla store with `useStore` hook available since v4.

Reviewer: I think the docs should implicitly be for the current version of Zustand.
Also, I'll mention that we are using a vanilla store _in React_, because this section is all about the usage _without React_.

```suggestion
You can use a vanilla store in React with a `useStore` hook.
```
